Clean up User Timing methods (#22309)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performance/measure/index.md

{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

The **`measure()`** method creates a named {{domxref("PerformanceMeasure")}} object representing a time measurement between two marks in the browser's performance timeline.

When measuring between two marks, there is a _start mark_ and _end mark_, respectively.
The named timestamp is referred to as a _measure_.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
measure(measureName)
measure(measureName, measureOptions)
measure(measureName, startMark)

> measure(measureName, startMark, endMark)

Author: Thanks a lot for your detailed investigation! 👍

>     - `detail`

Reviewer: Perhaps at line 40 it's worth saying something like:

```
This object must include one of `start` and `end`, and must not
include all three of `start`, `end`, and `duration`.

If this object is given as a parameter, the `startMark` and `endMark`
parameters must both be omitted.
```

>     - `detail`

Reviewer: Again I think `detail` must be structured-clonable.

>     - `detail`

Author: I think "This object must include one of `start` and `end`" is not true because `performance.measure("test", { details: "hm" });` works. In this case `duration` will equal `performance.now()` -- the time that has elapsed since the context was created.

>     - `detail`

Author: Ah, I think this means that` performance.measure("test", { duration: 10 });` throws, as it wants either `start` or `end`.

>     - `detail`

Author: I updated the parameter section to talk about this.

> 

Reviewer: I think the stuff about how time properties are calculated is useful but maybe we should have a Description for this API that describes how they are calculated, then  keep Return value relatively short?

Just a suggestion. As you say, this seems to be correct.

Author: Let's keep it for now.

## Examples

### Measuring duration between named markers

Given two of your own markers `"login-started"` and `"login-finished"`, you can create a measurement called `"login-duration"` as shown in the following example. The returned {{domxref("PerformanceMeasure")}} object will then provide a `duration` property to tell you the elapsed time between the two markers.

```js
const loginMeasure = performance.measure(
  "login-duration",
  "login-started",
  "login-finished"
);
console.log(loginMeasure.duration);
```

### Measuring duration with custom start and end times

> To do more advanced measurements, you can configure an `MeasureOptions` object. For example, you can use the [`event.timestamp`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event/timeStamp) property from a [`click` event](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/click_event) as the start time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do more advanced measurements, you can pass a `measureOptions` parameter. For example, you can use the [`event.timeStamp`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event/timeStamp) property from a [`click` event](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/click_event) as the start time.
```
